1. MIM servers conjoining.
2. Fix /rejoin running from mod on server
3. Add time stamp to WHISPERS, add whisper to admin!
5. Globalize name colors (maybe)
6. Stream files through server option.
8. PubPad
each time you draw a curve, or erase some, it sends the changes to the server
then the server updates everyone's screen, even your own.
9. FM and MIM communicating with sockets!
10. Change streaming method from C to C++
11. Add SET game to MIM.
12. Voice chat (extra exe)
18. Add /ignore [ID] command
19. Copy text just by selecting it (no ctrl+C required!)
FM.exe
1. "Open File" button
1. Fix timer and progress bar in multi-file transfer. (FM.exe)
2. Play sound in FM when all files are done.
3. Fix problem in MIM choosing port to open.
4. Reconnect after 20 second idle. auto resend last file.


v3.10 Master Server ability
(add) ability to choose public or private server. Add Radio button and 'int' type to saved settings.
If public, when users hosts a server, MIM will also connect to masterhd.mooo.com:4001 with iCode=MASTEREG, send
the buffer string as a class (i.e. CShareInfo) format containing the PORT number and Room Name. The
IP will be logged along with it by the master server. MasterMIM will check if the IP already exists in the list and update
the name if it has changed.
Save the IP, port, and name in a txt list similar to the Bouncer method. Master MIM must be in control of adding to this
list. Clients will only contact Master MIM to read the contents of the list.
How do I set my exe as the MasterMIM so others wont be able to?

When a user first runs MIM, show the list of available servers by contacting MasterMIM and displaying.
At this point Master MIM can log any IP of a users that requeststhe master list. Then once the user has the list, he will
attempt to contact each server to check for the online status and server info with INFO iCode! Each server can send a
CRequest packet that contains version (m_dVer), number of users (m_iID), current room name (m_strName), and password
protection (m_strPassword='p' if yes). Put icons in the list (like a lock for pw protection)!
If the user double-clicks the list entry, have it alter their IP and PORT variables, then attempt to connect in the normal
manner.
In the server list manager allow users to add their own servers by IP and port. When updating from the master server
DO NOT erase any old entries, but add new servers, and overwrite/update identical ones.
Need a variable that stores the IP of the Master Server, and a variable to set yourself as the PSL provider (m_bPSL_Exe)
Add also some placeholder strings and int's, clear up any inconsistant values from before (i.e. using an int instead of bool to keep it compatible.)
	MIM.dat file format will be superceded and incompatible with v3.02

(add) All Public servers will register with the master server to generate the master IP list. Clients can view the list of
	available servers.
(add?) Any client will contact the MasterMIM server just to register MIM.

(add) selection tool in Pubad. filled shapes drawing tools too. text tool!